1) Lego
  
Products 
     name: Ideas Disney Hocus Pocus 
     description: Capture the bewitching joy of a classic movie with this collectible LEGO Ideas Disney Hocus Pocus: The Sanderson Sisters’ Cottage (21341) set. The cottage can be opened in multiple ways for easy viewing of the interior details, including the museum gift shop, cauldron with a LEGO light brick to illuminate the fire underneath, Book of Spells and the witches’ bat-infested bedroom. Detach the side room where Dani Dennison was captured by the witches and turn the water wheel outside to make pink ’smoke’ puff out of the chimney. A top Halloween gift idea for fantasy-comedy fans, the set features 6 LEGO minifigures, plus a Thackery Binx (in cat form) figure.
     price: 109.95
     count: 36
     image: Ideas Disney Hocus Pocus.png    

     name: Marvel Spider-Man Final Battle
     description: Marvel Spider-Man Final Battle (76261) recreates the spectacular showdown from Marvel Studios’ Spider-Man: No Way Home movie. Packed with iconic characters and web-slinging action, this stunning celebration of Spider-Man will captivate fans aged 10 and up. This 360-degree Marvel playset includes an amazing assortment of LEGO Marvel minifigures, including 3 different versions of Spider-Man: Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man, The Amazing Spider-Man and Spider-Man. The other minifigures are Electro, Doctor Strange, Green Goblin, Ned, MJ and Doc Ock. 
     price: 10.79
     count: 50     
     image: Marvel Spider-Man.png

   1.1) Toys and Games
   
   Products:
      name: Minifigures Marvel Series
      description: Marvel fans ages 5+ can boost their minifigure collections and play out action-packed adventures with a LEGO Minifigures Marvel Series 2 6 Pack (66735). This is a blind box containing a random selection of 6 Marvel characters from the Series 2 (71039) set. There are 12 in total to collect, and each one comes with at least 1 cool accessory. There are 12 unique characters to collect from some of Marvel Studios’ most popular TV shows and movies: Agatha Harkness, Kate Bishop, Hawkeye, Moon Knight, Mr. Knight, She-Hulk, The Werewolf, Goliath, Storm, Beast, Wolverine, Echo.
     price: 10.25
     count: 44  
     image: Minifigures Marvel Serie.png

      1.1.1) Interlocking Gear Sets
   
         Products: 
           name: LEGO Technic Gears and Transmission Parts Pack
           description: Loose LEGO original goods in a polybag without original packaging and instructions.
           price: 19.24
           count: 5
           image: LEGO Technic Gears and Transmission Parts Pack.png

       1.1.2) LEGO 16pc Technic gear SET

         Products:
            name: LEGO 16pc Technic gear SET
            description: Use to build robotic LEGO creations!
                       Connects to Technic, Mindstorms and Bionicle
                       4 each of the most common LEGO gear
                       8, 16, 24 and 40 tooth gears (Get EXACTLY what you see pictured)
                       This genuine LEGO spare part bundle comes in a clear sealed plastic bag. NO LEGO BOX or instructions are included.
            price: 18.18
            count: 9
            image: LEGO 16pc Technic gear SET.png

      1.2) Toy Figures & Playsets

        Products:
           name: Poppy Playtime
           description: ACTION FIGURE: Includes one 5" tall posable action figure, featuring Huggy Wuggy in a unique gold finish!
                        ACCESSORIES: Includes one attachable accessory: miniature Poppy in a matching gold finish.
                        COLLECT THEM ALL: Series 2 features four different action figures to collect: Bunzo Bunny, The Player, White Huggy Wuggy, and Gold Huggy Wuggy.
                         OFFICIALLY LICENSED: Genuine Poppy Playtime merchandise by PhatMojo and Fragment Games.
           price: 14.9
           count: 74
           image: Poppy Playtime.png
   
2) Electronics

    Products:
      name: INIU Power Bank, 25000mAh 65W USB C Laptop Portable Charger
      description: 
✅【From INIU--the SAFE Fast Charge Pro】Experience the safest charging with over 38 million global users. At INIU, we use only the highest-quality materials, so we do have the confidence to provide an industry-leading 3-year warranty.
✅【65W Fast Charging for All Devices】INIU's inspiring 65W charges your MacBook Pro up to 50% in 30 mins. Hit your phones, tablets and steam deck's latest charging needs, a futuristic feature to rely on.
✅【25000mAh for A Week】The USB C portable charger power bank fast charging massive power supply can charge MacBook Pro 14ʺ 0.9 time or iPad Pro 12.9" 1.6 times, abundant even for devices of huge capacity.
✅【Charge 3 at Once】Triple ports are at your pick. Dual USB-C ports directly fit both new iPad and new iPhone, and one USB-A port for your old devices.
✅【Even Wider Compatibility】INIU battery charger matches with most laptops, tablets, mobiles (iPhone, Samsung...), and small devices as AirPods. Tend your fast charging and trickle charging needs smartly.
✅【What You Get】INIU 65W usb c battery bank*1, USB C to USB C cable*1, USB A to USB C cable*1, user manual*1, travel pouch*1, 30-day money back guarantee, industry-leading 3-year warranty, and lifetime technical support.
       price: 59.98
       count: 11
       image: INIU Power Bank.png